enhancement: add `livez` endpoint (#2418)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: README.md

After running the above, if you see `Clusterrolebinding "cluster-admin-binding" created`, then you are able to continue with the setup of this service.

> #### Probes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Health endpoints
```

Author: I'd prefer the former since per-port endpoints are not consistent across the binary and its telemetry expositions. Also, we don't have a dedicated `/readyz` but the `readinessProbe` makes use of the telemetry port's `/metrics` to determine if we are able to serve requests.

Author: Friendly ping. :)

Author: Added a section for endpoints as well, PTAL.

Reviewer: Should we remove this paragraph? I don't think it's specific to kube-state-metrics and having the endpoints documented is good enough. :)

Author: Done, PTAL.

The following probes are available, and follow the [Kubernetes best practices](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes):

* `livenessProbe`: Checks if the application is not affected by an outage, and is able to access the Kube API by querying the cluster's `/livez` endpoint.

> * `readinessProbe`: Checks if the application is ready to serve metrics by querying its own telemetry metrics.

Reviewer: Do we have one already?

After running the above, if you see `Clusterrolebinding "cluster-admin-binding" created`, then you are able to continue with the setup of this service.

#### Probes

The following probes are available, and follow the [Kubernetes best practices](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes):

* `livenessProbe`: Checks if the application is not affected by an outage, and is able to access the Kube API by querying the cluster's `/livez` endpoint.
* `readinessProbe`: Checks if the application is ready to serve metrics by querying its own telemetry metrics.

#### Healthcheck Endpoints

The following healthcheck endpoints are available, some of which are used to determine the result of the aforementioned probes:

> * `/livez`: Returns a 200 status code if the application is not affected by an outage. This is used to determine the result of the liveness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/livez`: Returns a 200 status code if the application is not affected by an outage of the Kubernetes API Server. We recommend to use this as a liveness probe.
```

> * `/metrics`: Returns a 200 status code if the application is able to serve metrics. While this is available for both ports, only self metrics are used to determine the result of the readiness probe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/metrics`: Returns a 200 status code if the application is able to serve metrics. While this is available for both ports, we recommend to use the telemetry metrics endpoint as a readiness probe.
```

> * `/healthz`: Returns a 200 status code if the application is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/healthz`: Returns a 200 status code if the application is running. We recommend to use this as a startup probe.
```
